all right check it out guys there's
Trevor James we are with mr. taster in
Mashhad Iran okay we're going for a
full-on street adventure we're gonna
have shish kebabs we're gonna have the
best lamb shank we're gonna have four
limbs we're gonna be easy everything
really it's a full-on Persian food
adventure get ready for the ultimate
Persian Street food adventure of Mashhad
Iran cuz today mr. taster is bringing us
in extremely deep for six incredible
iranian street foods that you're gonna
love so make sure to watch all the way
until the end cuz you're gonna love the
saffron ice cream factory all of the
rare kitchen access and all of the meats
let's eat poor man or else honey which
is a really famous in this area and
you're gonna have easy as that I don't
wanna call the language oh and it's
right in here
whoa he's Argentine and this is supposed
to be some of the best in the world it
is the best in the world look at the
fire we've got potato in there because
onions with chickpeas we've got beans
we've got everything oh and here's the
core problem together
shame good and I've heard that the land
here is some of the best in the world
yeah it's all about we believe that yeah
fatty lamb because of the sheep natural
yeah best meat another oh oh
I'm breathing it in and here's the bread
we're gonna be eating the meat with this
bread look at the fat on that bone dizzy
oh and that's it there that corner
that's the purest lamb fat you'll ever
smell so juicy looking them there they
are
the gourmet and the busy easy the famous
Persian food this is pretty much
upgraded in my shop Yeah right yeah lady
it's such an important kind of a tail
yeah onion on your faces
yeah I see it's awfully bubbly yes we
pays oh yes we got the lemon pickled
garlic yeah what about this here because
well Piccolo's yeah and this is the
olive with walnuts and he's gonna mash
up the meat for me and bread you have
the best things in the world
yeah Oh in the juice the oil yeah and
there they are
[Music]
we're gonna have slice of bread and you
can see the bacon well then yes juicy
piece of laminate and take a little lamb
have some sweet basil in it and let's go
for it go in for it is all you need the
lamb fat and the bread adding a little
piece of meat on there
onion is the real soul yeah everything
exact runyan meat bread onion right yeah
I'm someone take it out the tomato I got
the fat so you just mash it up that fat
just moves right into the tomatoes and
here it comes
look at that that's pure lamb cat so the
bread goes in and it soaks up fat and
the tomato and the tomato and the - come
on I have tree
oh that is so satisfying it's like a
lamb tomato stew it's all about the fat
though it is so flavorful yeah
and next up is the iconic yeah
part of the meat and it's yours oh
really yeah and you can see the meat
fibers - exact going in 90% meat is I
think the Jews to the Jews and I'm in
love with the flavor how there's not
that many spices no you get the natural
here things like meat satisfaction on
its stringy
just like that so we've got green chili
dip yeah as well
come on yeah yeah what an awesome cut
mistake I did
Mahmood vomit this is Nancy Nancy he's
not getting money again
really Oh anyone who Hades I might thank
you
first it what I see we're gonna keep
going for more beer with us next up our
trusty driver mr. MIDI is bringing us to
the most famous shrine in Mashhad and
here we are we're just approaching the
golden shrine of this beautiful city
Imam red and here we are just pulling up
and after a quick walk through one of
the most beautiful shrines you'll ever
lay your eyes on the Imam Reza shrine
covered in classic Persian style art we
made our way for the other five
remaining iranian foods and mr. taster
is bringing us for more next up we are
just driving out to a ice cream factory
yeah the name of the ice cream in my
shed is full of - laughs yeah full of is
a really nice one I'm sure you're gonna
be surprised yeah here we are
ice cream factory oh it's game factory
yeah your Annie ice cream ice cream oh
so what do we got here it's pull up
which is three colors yellow white and
brown I do screaming it oh and it's
starting right here we're gonna make
this ice cream from your hatch we're
gonna mix it with rosewater yeah and it
sounds fun yeah
oh the sugar oh wow that's enough honey
look oh and vanilla powder
is amazing here it goes look at this
that milk is starting to slowly get it
pulled up into the pump and it's gonna
turn into ice cream over here and I made
mr. taster and Ally curves it to her
guide and I were just watching this all
unfold before our eyes they're making
the ice cream for us for us this is
where it all happens you can see this
giant factory here we've got our friends
and I crew with us all of these are full
of Persian eyes paper
[Applause]
in cold milk and solid cream look at it
he's making a ball out of this ice cream
super cool ice cream Mountain yes he can
be business where it starts the cold
milk is coming out and then over
we add cream and make it even thicker
and rub it against the wall here and
it's gonna make a triple-layer ice-cream
sandwich that's the magical saffron
going right in the bucket look at this
[Music]
Wow that is gorgeous
there it is we're making that second
layer now the saffron wall
isn't that beautiful rosewater
I didn't think you'll be made like this
by hand yes in a freezer
even the mr. taster you didn't know
you're making it like that that's right
yeah
oh it's like a sculpt if your clearest
ice cream off Trevor yeah in my shed and
the next layer is the chocolate yeah it
is yeah and you're gonna add that on
let's go try it out yes we got a lot of
you're late okay let's go let's go try
it up look at the layers we got the
chocolate saffron and vanilla yeah all
infused with rose water exactly I'm
Marta framing then cream the Mashhadi
ice cream and ice cream from pull up dip
that and he's gonna chop it get into a
little brick exactly make a sandwich for
exactly pistachio saffron chocolate
vanilla ice cream sandwich I can try
yeah you can oh ho ho
we just got our Ice Cream Sandwich and
he's pulling another layer that's a
brick of ice cream so we've got the
pistachio and then we've got the plain
chocolate here yeah oh and we've got the
cream okay try the pistachio okay
Oh frog flavor its place drunk - Wow hmm
try this one yep
then clean one get the curl off
oh so which one you like more I love
that mustachio
and then it's not front of flavor
there's a lot stronger than I thought it
would be hmm for sure let's get it so
because this is such a strong saffron
flavor is this expensive ice cream this
or just this is all it's not know so
this right here is only one point $5 for
all that saffron-infused ice cream I
wouldn't export this yeah right I would
bring it on the airplane get it messy
thank you very much that was delicious
thank you okay thank you
they were exploring the streets of my
side and right up here we've got food
field and also figure belong hello
[Music]
sugar beets ya gonna buy beans and how
are these cook these broad beans in a
vinegar hello Oh prepare gold fire and
go far
yeah that's the Persian hogweed right
here yeah Persian hug beat and you can
convene ago to on top the big one really
well yeah oh yeah second with me Oh
vinegar on top mercy oh look at least
good how's that hmm right on the streets
of my shot and let's get a container of
this table beautiful image from you are
these just boiled plain in their own
juices nothing just yet just plain yeah
oh the sugar beet looks delicious
oh there we go so we got the sugar beets
companies messy we're still early
steaming those are natural yeah super
sweet beets that's why they're called
sugar beets your favorite
hmm merci chef my mama's name yes chef
[Laughter]
next up we're going for lamb shank yeah
you're going to see the king of shish
kebab yeah in the world which is one of
the most famous in the world and also
the lamb shank
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh and here's the meat that's the lamb
shank yeah this is kebab yeah oh and
they're going right on the grill yeah
this is so beautiful what I loved about
your arm it's not only the meat but the
tomatoes too so this is the shish kebab
juicy and you can see they've actually
cleared of punctured it a bit so it's
got some softness to it it's just it's a
bit aerated so they thought she can go
fill it and we've got shish kebab and
how are we gonna eat this with Persian
rice with Persian rice or are they with
hands without it but normally it's good
with rice saffron rice a local father
local butter opener a special one you'll
never wear yes
can we call fun animals and this is mr.
extra poor actor food yes we got the
lime tomato and me run and here it is
this is just the beginning of the meet
we're gonna go see more meet down here
merci merci oh it's a big chopping board
oh look at that beautiful every hundred
kilo meets we give you forty kilos shish
kebab oh wow it hasn't done it for ages
but is doing it for you just showing us
yeah he's moving to the back and really
just getting the best out that's only
the best piece right there man see this
is how they're made yeah and I'm sure
you and you can really smell that onion
yeah oh and there's the onion yeah
that's the idea
onion merci merci merci
[Laughter]
paddy tarik its saffron paddy saffron
rice yeah yeah the crunchy bottom layer
yeah and then this year
that's a barbarian barbarian extra stuff
from rice cake is your sword sighs yeah
mix the rice with brother so mix the
rice with the butter yes please okay
barbary butter we're just gonna get it
all female to this and that's what it's
all about right there the TAT eek yeah
the tidy saffron rice yogurt
an egg all on the bottom of the pot the
crisp goodness first one second 100
these serve all right Lord a couple of
one
so we got our kabobs yeah and then take
the cue ball oh and go right in oh man
have some rice I love how its clean but
it's still so juicy throw the flat only
try to fat on the edge just on the edge
it's really juicy yeah and then sour
orange and mix it together with rice and
that's it that's the meal and of meat
yeah yeah caveman style it's just a bone
yeah look at the fat here and this is to
do for you the Duke yeah the Iranian you
don't even need mercy it's the boy it's
a moment
Oh softer and softer the more we travel
in en masse we should tell him I'm a
thank you okay
that was an awesome meal and to finish
up the night and we were walking down
the street we stumbled on one of the
nicest desserts you can try and Iran so
let's see so Hong Kong is mainly from
come which is one hour from Tehran yeah
it is yeah local dessert it is yes and
what's it mean up made of flour
cardamon with water to search you
sometimes saffron saffron oh that's what
you smell yeah it's really good Wow so
we were just walking down the street and
I saw this joint and I thought we have
to try this I think you're lucky really
it is almost thinking we should travel
to home only to see that but it's right
here so this is gonna be made into a
dough yeah and filled with cream exactly
so he's taking this sweet here yeah this
is from Isfahan we call it yes
gasps yeah it's really famous sweet in
Isfahan and what they do and they take
the gas and then around it it's going to
be covered by Sohan which is that which
is really famous to eat from Foreman
which is the city next to Tehran
beautiful you can have it with tea
Christian choy that smells so delicious
you just take one down we call it gas
it's got taking it
it's called flour in it and sugar and
sugar is greatly favored and they put in
this one they put pista two in there
let's try it out oh sweet creamy saffron
and should have it with Prashanti mm-hmm
is so delicious you can taste the
cardamom and the saffron and of course
lots of butter and I love how they just
make it in the back yeah
merci merci Wow okay
CID all right merci hello gotta give a
big thanks to mr. taster and of course
ally Persia tour guide from peach
Corolla and you guys can check out come
to Persia comm if you're thinking of
coming to Iran they put together this
amazing itinerary for us it's been a
life-changing experience got to give a
big thanks thanks a lot guys leave us a
comment down below